# COP5611_Project
The objective of this project is to implement a simulator of a lottery scheduling system for processor resources based on the one presented in a paper we read earlier in the semester.  The end goal is to implement a simulator that can perform random operations on a set of lottery tickets, including adding processes, allocating tickets, and increasing the max tickets, as well as take parameters as input to specify certain operations to perform.  The initial step will be to set up the lottery system to allocate tickets, then implement the random system to draw tickets for determining scheduling.  A system to record performance in terms of theoretical time taken on tasks will be used to measure performance of the scheduler.  After that, the random system to queue processes and distribute tickets will be implemented.  Lastly, the ability to specify certain parameters and workloads to simulate will be added.  The goal will be shown to be achieved by having the lottery scheduling simulator run a few sets of random workloads and a few sets of user-defined workloads and print out the performance results for each set to show the simulator is working.  A verbose mode will be available to see what happens during scheduling.
As the implementation was worked out, a few minor details changed.  There was no need to keep track of ot be able to set the max tickets, so that functionality was removed in favor of just keeping track of currently allocated tickets.  Other than that, the goals and implementation remained the same.
